{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red52\green52\blue52;\red20\green20\blue20;
\red164\green8\blue0;\red176\green0\blue4;\red62\green69\blue5;\red38\green38\blue38;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19100\viewh20120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0\'a0\cf3 I would like to take this opportunity to attend the interview for the post of iOS Developer in your company Bytemark.\cf2  \cf3 I am looking forward to discussing my qualifications for the position, and also for the opportunity to join your team. Thank you for your consideration and time. I look forward to meeting you.
\f1\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 (1) What do you think about Bytemark is most interesting? And why would you like to work here? \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl300\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf5 I have been looking for a job in a successful organisation and this job seems to be exactly what I am looking for. It matches the skills, experience and knowledge I have and I know I could fit in and make a contribution to the team. It seems ideal\
Bytemark's balance between strong growth and corporate stability make it an attractive place to build a career. My history of boosting team performance shows I would be a great fit and asset for the company.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\
(2) Have you worked on iOS platform projects, Web apps or other mobile development projects outside of your professional or academic career? For example, have you participated in Hackathons or created your own apps just for fun? \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf5 Yes. For the past 3+ years I have been working in iOS Mobile Application Development. I started my career as Mac Developer in which I have developed projects like  Insta Photo share,TimeLapse, Icon Maker HD,  Icon Logo and avatar design, Quick batch photo editor\
Later , I stepped in to App development. Almost I have developed around 10 apps as a team and also individually. Played as a projectleader for 3 projects. I have listed my projects names here:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Tilt\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Tuplit\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Sharesi.es\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
myWeather\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Focam\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Weather Vault\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Instacare\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
USU \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
I have done some MAC app on my personal interest but it has not been updated in iTunes store. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}Internet Usage meter\
{\listtext	\'95	}PDF to Image converter\
{\listtext	\'95	}System info\
{\listtext	\'95	}Duplicate Files finder\
{\listtext	\'95	}Image to PDF Converter\cf6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
(3) Could you please send over a Objective C code sample so we can look at your structure and organization? \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf5 Yes. Its my pleasure to share my code to you. I have shared my code via this mail which will be in zip format.I have sent you the code sample for the project DocsApp and its functionality mainly focused default chat app.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
(4) If we were to make an offer that would require you to be in Bangalore full-time, how quickly would you be able to start? \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl300\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf5 I will join in another 30 days.I am in notice period in my current organisation which will end in another 25-30 days. Then Straightaway I can be there in Bangalore for Full-time employee.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
(5) What do you want to accomplish with your iOS career over the next year? How can Bytemark help you achieve your career goals?  -\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf5 I would like to see myself as a dynamic Team/Project Manager by handling team and client at very ease. I like to create a own label and a different style of project managing by which both team , client and my employer get satisfied and benefitted with my latest technology style of project managing. \cf6 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
(6) Do you have any academic or personal goals over the next year that while not related to Bytemark or career directly, that might give us insight into your personality?\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl300\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf5 My Longterm goal is to get an onsite offer especially to work in US. Based on my professional growth it would be greatful if you give me an opportunity to work on overseas.\cf6  \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
(7) The position we are hiring for will be implementing a number of elements in our backend platform that integrate with our mobile apps, third party databases, third party data services, websites, etc. Do you have examples of how you have worked with other internal teams including designers, database developers and platform to create a great customer solution?  \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl300\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf6 I\cf5  am very pleased to answer this. Why because in my current organisation I am managing these type of work very effectively. Basically, we will get the project requirement as a documentation only. We only will suggest the designs to client and other database idea to client. So for this we will work as a team with our designers and with our Webservice Team. Initially, we will do a mockup design based on the requirement from the client, then we will discuss that mockup design with our designer to change that mockup into the layouts of the project. This how I am having good experience in interacting with Designers. And if you take our current project trend all are mostly social based feeds app which require separate API team to provide data from backend. We both will combinely work together to prepare a database schema and API endpoints required for the project. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \
\
\cf0 (8) As a followup to question 8, do you have examples where you have implemented third party APIs, SDKs, or other data driven tools? What are those tools and how were they used?\cf7 \
\
\cf5 I used the following APIs And SDK \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
AFNetworking  - Used for web service management \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}Crashlytics - Used to find the crash and error logs while app in the app store\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fabric - Used to release an app to the client and other team members \
{\listtext	\'95	}Alomafire - \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Used for web service management  in swift language\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}Flurry - Mobile App analytics tool\
{\listtext	\'95	}card.io - Provides fast, easy credit scanning in mobile apps.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}Restkit - \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Used for web service management\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 FacebookSDK - To fetch users data from facebook\
{\listtext	\'95	}TwitterSDK - To fetch users data from twitter\
{\listtext	\'95	}XCDYouTubeKit - To play YouTube video and steaming video\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}GoogleAnalytics - To improve the app performance using this we can track users usage and actions performed.\
{\listtext	\'95	}GoogleMaps - Automatically handles access to the Google Maps servers,map display, and response to user gestures such as clicks and drags.\
{\listtext	\'95	}JSONModel - Magical data modelling framework for Json, which allows rapid creation of smart data models. We can use it in our iOS apps.\
{\listtext	\'95	}CMPopTipView - Bubble containing a text message, pointing at a specified button\
{\listtext	\'95	}TTTAtributedLabel - It is for UILabel replacement, providing a simple way to performantly render attributed strings\
{\listtext	\'95	}AMRatingView - It is a subclass for rating view\
{\listtext	\'95	}MMDrawerController - Support side drawer navigation with left and right, ability to provide custom animations for presenting  and dismissing the view controllers\
{\listtext	\'95	}RESideMenu -  Parallex effect slide menu\
{\listtext	\'95	}EGOImageView - Lazy loading image view\
{\listtext	\'95	}BLMultiColorLoader - ProgressHud with multicolour \
{\listtext	\'95	}MBCoverFlowView - Provide a cover flow interface view for Mac OS X\
{\listtext	\'95	}Drawkit - Drawkit is an illustration and vector artwork framework for Mac OS X\
{\listtext	\'95	}MGScopeBar - Provides a scope/filter bar view for Mac OS X\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
Data Driven Tools\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf5 {\listtext	\'95	}Sqlite - 
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
SQLite and the iOS SDK make a great pair for creating lightweight, data-driven applications
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}core data\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Core Data is an object graph and persistence framework provided by Apple in the OS X and iOS operating systems\cf2 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 (9) Bytemark is operating a PCI compliant payment solution within its apps. Have you ever had to develop a secure payments mobile app before?\
\cf7 \
\cf5 	Yes I developed the app using the following payment methods\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Apple pay\
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}Stripe Purchase\
{\listtext	\'95	}In app Purchase\cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 (10) Our company requires employees to work with small teams and then integrate what is created in your small team into the larger platform that all of the teams are developing around. How would you handle making sure that what you are working on does not have a code conflict with what your team members are developing and also with the other parts of the platform that fall outside of your team? \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl300\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl300\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf5 In the IT culture basic thing we need to adopt is work as a team. Either we may work as a team within the same office or team from different branch or from one country to another country for a single project. So, we need to make sure that our code is organised and updated to all without any code conflict or lose in date. To overcome these type of problem we can go over with SVN control systems like\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}
\f0\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Github\
\ls7\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}
\f0\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
SVN\
\ls7\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}
\f0\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Bitbucket.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl300\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf5 To manage project effectively we can go with Project managing tools like\
\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-1080\sl300\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}
\f0\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Asana\
\ls8\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}
\f0\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JIRA\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl300\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
From the above Source control system and project management we can effectively manage project as well maintain the code without any conflict and loss in time. \cf7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \
\cf0 (11) What is your favorite city in the world and why?\cf7 \
\
\cf5 My favourite city is Bangalore\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0\cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}The awesome weather cloudy and I feel that slight cold most of the times. I love it\
{\listtext	\'95	}Mixed culture including south indian and western culture.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \
\
Sample App\
DocsApp\
\
Welcome to git training guys}